Epoch Epoch
You see on the fire between our husband and wife
Can you give me back the sovereignty of the story?
I pet you husband and wife
Mr. Gu
Don't forget that I divorced you just now.
You and I have nothing to do now.
Quiet
Go hey
Master Gu
I gave you money, I don't cherish it anymore.
You even want to pull my lead and lock it?
You are like this today
Totally self-inflicted
Hey stop, give me another chance.
I will definitely love you.
roll
You didn't cooperate
Trust you?
You let me down.
Stop, stop
Oops, the future used to be bright, not now
Been trapped like this by a concubine
So poor
Pack up
Be a beggar
Come back you all come back
Hey chair
Flower chair
The vase is for the king in cold weather.
Madam Gu
I advise you not to stop
This is what the city lord asked to copy the house
If you continue to block
I will take you with me
Lin Jingyuan
You are too cruel